Fixes multiline markdown link text (#16317)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/baseaudiocontext/createscriptprocessor/index.md

setting that result to be the output sample in each case.

> **Note:** For a full working example, see our [script-processor-node](https://mdn.github.io/webaudio-examples/script-processor-node/)

> > GitHub repo (also view the [source code](https://github.com/mdn/webaudio-examples/blob/master/script-processor-node/index.html).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> GitHub repo. (You can also access the [source code](https://github.com/mdn/webaudio-examples/blob/master/script-processor-node/index.html).)
```
